Why are we so lucky
to live in Port Wenn?
Because every year.
millions of birds migrate
down the continent.
flying over our town.
Now. I know that a lot of you
have plans with your families
to-to see the birds
this weekend.
so let's get you
some information.
Peter? Peter?
Uh. where are you going?
The-the bell hasn't rung yet.
I'm checking myself out
for lunch.
I have an appointment.
This is my fifth time
seeing the birds.
I'm going with my cousins
and my mom and her boyfriend.
Boyfriends can be fun. Clarence.
Who are you seeing the birds
with. Miss Louisa?
I... um...
Okay. I got this. I got this.
I got this. I got this. Okay.
- I think you totally got this...
- Stop talking.
- Oh. okay.
- And stay still.
- Okay.
- The needle is in.
Great.
And now I just need to simply...
- Yep.
- Push
Great. No. just don't even
look down at it.
Don't look down at it.
Doc. you're looking at it.
Doc. don't look down.
No. no. no.
Doc. you're actively
looking down.
- Doc. look at me. Oh...
- No. I just. it doesn't.
I can't.
This is the fourth time.
Still no good. I just...
- What kind of doctor can't...
- I'm here for my check-up.
Oh. Cronk.
Peter. we are not doing
this again.
I looked up my symptoms online.
And I did cough once yesterday.
- So with the swollen ankle...
- You don't have a swollen ankle.
I'm pretty sure I'm having
"systolic heart failure."
Peter. yesterday. you came in
with total lung collapse.
The day before
it was a brain tumor.
And last Friday you had an
aggravated case of Epstein-Barr.
It really is very concerning.
No. I've thoroughly
examined you twice.
and there is nothing wrong
except for a morbid fascination
with grim diagnoses
discovered on the internet.
Which means what?
You're becoming a hypochondriac.
And what's the treatment
for that?
Go back to class. Shoo.
What about scurvy?
Did we check me for scurvy?
I'm really sure
I have it this time.
Dear Dr. Best.
what a pleasure to finally meet
our handsome new physician.
Now. my appointment is at 1:00.
It's 1:02. and I do so dislike
dawdling.
Millicent. sit down
and quit skulking about.
Now. doctor.
if you'll take my hat.
I will show myself
into your examination room.
- Who's that bundle of scarves?
- Agnes Cloofe.
She's the sweetest lady.
I love her.
She was my piano teacher
when I was seven.
- That's her sister. Millicent.
- Mm.
Doctor!
Are you dilly-dallying?
I've unpinned my brassiere.
Please. don't.
So. for these stomach pains
you're having.
if they don't resolve in
a few days with these antacids.
I'm gonna need you to come back
here for more tests.
- Thank you. doctor.
- Mm-hmm.
I simply can't be prevented
from seeing the birds
this weekend.
Mother Nature's annual orgy
of feathers and color.
- Have you ever seen them?
- Once. As a boy.
In fact. I just purchased
some new binoculars for...
And when was the last time
you made love?
Sweet. sweet.
life-affirming intercourse.
Is there no one special for our
charming bachelor physician?
Oh. dear doctor...
The birds were meant to be
seen together...
by lovers.
Okay. then.
Uh. well. busy day.
Uh. patients to see.
As for me. I've set my heart
on spotting the golden-winged
warbler this year.
Most elusive bird
on three continents.
Well. then.
I wish you good luck.
And to you!
Millicent. have you
been nibbling crackers?
Where's my thermos?
Mmm!
Welcome to Port Wenn.
So. uh. what show are you
gonna do today. Elaine?
Uh. yeah. none.
I'm not doing one.
What's the point in more garbage
from a garbage person?
- What?
- Oh...
Oh...
Ah... Doc...
Ah...
Really. Dr. Reese.
Birds in the office.
So silly of you.
Have a splendid day.
Did you just see that?
Honestly. I just.
I think I need to take
- a step back and reassess.
- Okay.
Even though I know
how devastating
this will be for my fans.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah.
- Hello.
New binoculars?
Yes. I just got these. too.
To see the birds.
Yeah. me too.
- Mm.
- Mm-hmm.
- Where are you planning to see...
- Oh. I. um...
I know a trail that leads
right out to the cliffs.
Perfect view.
Mark and I used to take
the Cloofe Sisters to see
the birds every year.
Oh. the Cloofes.
It was a nice tradition that we
had seeing the birds together.
But this year.
I'm making new traditions.
So. no Cloofes.
No Mark.
Hm.
- Well. maybe we should...
- Would you...
- Oh...
- Yeah.
- I mean. would you like to?
Oh. we could easily.
Yeah. Yeah.
- Right. But nothing fancy.
- No. No. no.
- Together. But not.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Yeah. Right. Yeah.
- Right. But nothing.
- So tomorrow. Saturday...
- 8:00 a.m.?
- I'll pick you up.
- In your car?
Well. not with my arms.
- Right. um...
- And I'll bring something.
- To-to drink.
- And I'll bring... sandwiches.
- Sandwiches.
- All right. sandwiches.
- I love sandwiches.
Okay. well. see you tomorrow.
See you. see you then.
- Fine.
- Okay. Well...
Well...
They base
their diagnoses on height
and weight and eye color.
But according to the
DoctorDoctorDoctor website.
I'm in the "danger zone"
for people who
might develop rickets.
neurological polyps.
or cranial misalignment.
- His mother had to work?
- Yes.
And she said he'd be devastated
if he didn't see the birds.
But then I checked
the CDC website.
I think I may be looking
at a case of parvovirus.
That would really be something.
because only dogs get it.
I read that.
But I'm just not sure.
Okay. so we're gonna. uh.
go down that ridge.
and then turn over there.
Oh...
Oh. my God. More people. Yay.
Doctor! Louisa! Salutations!
And who is this adorable moppet?
Oh. this is Peter Cronk.
- I have inner ear disorder.
- No. you don't.
Doctor. your sweet Aunt Sarah.
our guardian angel.
has kindly offered to escort us
to the cliffs this year.
Happy to do it.
Oh. what a charming party
we make.
Peter. did you know in 1951.
the birds were...
- You on a date?
- No.
No. it's nothing like that.
We both decided separately
to spend the day together.
She brought lunch.
and I brought a beverage.
So. a date.
Good for you.
Sarah? My thermos!
Coming.
Yeah.
Seems like your stomach
is still bothering you.
Are you sure you're up to this?
Maybe we should go back.
No. no. I'm perfectly fine.
Nothing can tear me away
from this chance to spot
the golden-winged warbler.
Dragonflies.
Millicent. do not touch
that plant.
I think you should come see me
on Monday.
I'd like to check your
cognitive responses.
run some basic brain health
and memory tests...
Doctor. my brain is
as fit as a fiddle.
This tea is my secret.
Filled with nutrients
from Mother Earth.
we brew it ourselves.
Oh. look. the birds are here.
- Oh.
It's so beautiful.
Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. Martin. Look!
It's just how I remember.
Oh...
Look.
Miss Louisa. I have to pee.
Oh. okay. Yeah. of course.
Just. you know. you can go
into the woods there.
Nobody will see you.
Oh. no. no. thank you.
I. I don't really
enjoy drinking earth.
Look... look on that branch.
It's the golden-winged warbler.
I can't believe it.
The golden-winged warbler.
It's all I've ever dreamed of.
A very. very pretty bird.
You know what?
It's-it's-it's afternoon now.
I think maybe
we should be starting back.
♪ Ah sweet songbird ♪
♪ Guide me to your heart ♪
♪ Show me all your love ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ Wings in flight ♪
♪ Through day and night ♪
♪ Your beauty is my life ♪
My pee was kind of orange.
Do I have obstructed
bowel syndrome?
Uh...
Just doesn't make any sense.
Well. if she tripped and fell...
That's not what happened.
She leapt like
she thought she could fly.
She was confused.
They recovered the body.
by the way.
and I need you to sign
the death cert.
That's short for "certificate."
if you're up to it. doc.
No. I'm not signing this.
- 'Cause you need a hug first?
- I'm never gonna need a hug.
Well. now. I feel like
you really need a hug.
I'm not signing this because
this was not an accident.
Oh. she must have had some
underlying condition
that contributed to her
mental instability.
Oh. man. underlying conditions
are the worst.
Okay. here.
She had
a urinary tract infection
six months ago.
Now. it's rare.
but maybe it blossomed
into a case
of UTI psychosis.
What? That can happen?
I need to speak with
Millicent Cloofe right now.
Give her some time. doc.
You know. her sister was just
smooshed this morning.
You could see her tomorrow
at the reading.
W-what reading?
Of the will. Agnes's will.
They're reading it tomorrow
at dawn.
Aunt Sarah. have you seen
Millicent Cloofe?
I need to talk to her
about her sister's medical...
Oh. right.
Oh... right. I-I...
Uh. you must be broken up about
this. Losing a close friend.
I wish I'd pushed
that other one off the cliff
when I had the chance.
What?
Look. it's a small town.
We do people favors.
I mean. it's just two
old women up there
on the top of that hill
in that giant house.
all by themselves.
So I took them
some groceries... once.
Next thing I know.
I'm scrubbing out the shower.
I'm changing the cat litter.
I insulated the basement.
I have been on call
to those two old women
round the clock for decades.
and they're mean.
Once I made an omelet for Agnes.
and she didn't like it.
so she spit it into my hair.
But I'm thinking...
Millicent's not gonna last up
there very long all by herself.
I say starvation gets her
before Christmas.
and then I'll be free.
I am completely... appalled.
You and me both. sister.
Come on.
Let's go get this over with.
I need to speak with Millicent.
I'll be right back.
No. no. no. no.
Don't... Do that after.
Come down here
and sit down with me.
I just can't believe Agnes
is actually gone.
I can.
Maybe you should keep
your feelings
a little more quiet
to yourself this morning.
Sorry.
I just had to vent.
Agnes has just been so...
particularly bad these
last few months. I just...
What do you mean.
particularly bad?
Just extra difficult. I mean.
Something must have just
pushed her over the edge.
you know. mentally.
Not the...
Good morning. everyone.
Good morning.
In honor of dear sweet Agnes
who will be laid to rest
next weekend...
We've gathered to hear her
final wishes
laid out in a document
entrusted to me.
Oh. okay.
Agnes's final. final wish
was to have her final wishes
read aloud
by her
"most cherished confidant."
Sarah Best.
"Most cherished servants."
more like it.
Sarah.
Okay. coming.
- Can I borrow those?
- Oh. well...
- Thanks.
- Yes.
Yeah. Treasured friends.
Speak up. Sarah. and enunciate.
That's Agnes.
"The following 29 pages
shall detail the plans
for my week long
celebration of life.
All readings and recitals
shall be organized
promptly and efficiently
by Sarah Best."
This really should have been me.
"In regards to my estate
upon the death
of my Sister Millicent.
our home. the noble
Cloofe Mansion erected in 1875.
shall be gifted
to the one person
who looked after us selflessly
for so many years.
and a good and true soul.
And the very backbone
of Port Wenn.
The Cloofe Mansion
will be the new home of...
Clark Flanagan...
our longtime property manager."
Oh. congrats. Clark.
"Regarding the festivities
leading up to my burial.
we have day one.
a celebration of song and dance.
Day five. Sarah Best
will make floral headdresses
and cornbread
for the entire town."
This is all just so awful.
Poor Agnes.
She just hadn't been
herself lately.
In what way?
"Let us begin today
by going down to the sea
and whispering
our transgressions
into the waters.
Thank you.
Bonne Chance. Adieu."
We're gonna need you down
at the beach. doc.
Yes. The last time we did
this water whispering thing.
some people got hypothermia.
- No. I need to talk to...
- No.
If I have to go. you have to go.
I mean. my brother has sold
my house out from under me.
I am practically homeless.
and now
they have given the mansion
to Clark Flanagan.
And I have to make cornbread!
Why. Dr. Best.
you're soaking wet.
Yes. I've been playing lifeguard
to an alarming number
of transgressors
who do not know how to swim.
- Well. you're totally drenched.
- Mm-hmm.
Why don't you just take
everything off?
- Sally.
- Oh. come on. You love it.
Our little "will they.
won't they" repartee.
I definitely don't.
And we definitely won't.
See. you can't resist.
I'm checking up on one of
Agnes Cloofe's medications.
Dr. Reese prescribed
an antibiotic six months ago.
for a UTI.
Mm-hmm. Bactrim.
Looks like she never
picked that prescription up.
So she never took
the medication.
Not as far as I know.
Can you tell me exactly
where the Cloofe Mansion is?
I need to speak with Millicent
right away.
Uh. of course.
but she won't be there.
She should be over
at The Salty Breeze by now.
The Salty Breeze? Why?
The first funeral event.
Tonight is the recitation
of Agnes's poetry.
- We could go together.
- Bye. Sally.
He loves it.
- Hey. Dr. Best.
- Peter.
I don't have time
for any more nonsense.
Remember the other day
when I thought
my pee was kind of orange?
Well. actually.
now I think it's brown.
- Mm.
- And ChatGPT says
"I may have uterine cancer."
You do not have a uterus.
And if your urine is
actually discolored
and this isn't another
imagined illness.
then you need to come in
tomorrow and give me a sample.
So should we be considering
ectopic pregnancy?
Goodbye. Peter.
"Water is water.
Is water.
Let it clean my form.
caressing my body
with its icy cool grip.
Wash over me..."
Isn't this incredibly moving?
"But I cry out. No.
No. No.
No."
I think it speaks for itself.
"Until midnight
and the darkness destroys
my gentle. hidden cervix."
Thank you so much. Elaine.
Thank you.
That was a very soulful
reading of...
whatever that was.
We're gonna take
a little break now.
uh. before we move into
our third hour.
There's cornbread.
Lots of it. Help yourself.
Please kill me immediately.
Really makes you think.
doesn't it. doc?
I mean. Agnes dedicated her life
to the arts and to beauty.
It's like. what am I
dedicating my life to?
How am I gonna lift up
people's souls?
Hopefully not reciting
any more poetry.
All right.
- Ms. Cloofe.
- Uh...
I've been wanting
to talk with you all day.
I am so sorry for your loss.
But your sister.
she had
a urinary tract infection
several months ago.
- I remember.
- Oh. you do?
Well. you see. I believe Agnes
may have developed
a form of psychosis due to
the untreated infection.
which may explain why
she acted as she did.
In any event. I-I would like
your permission
to examine her body
and to test her for...
It's too late.
I've already had her cremated.
Oh. I didn't realize that...
Agnes died the way
she lived. doctor.
Free. And now she's migrated
to another plane.
Migrated. Like the birds.
Oh. oh. oh.
Like this bird.
Oh. the golden-winged warbler.
Brrr!
Oh. oh. oh...
Crazy old bat.
How much longer
you think she'll last. doc?
You don't seem to have a UTI.
But I am concerned
about your level of confusion.
And considering what happened...
Oh. yes.
Poor Agnes.
But now. doctor.
maybe there's real hope
for you and I.
What? Is your stomach
bothering you?
No.
But-but. yes. But. no.
I'll be fine
if I can take
just the tiniest sip
of my tea.
Wait. Stop.
What's in this?
Smells like mushroom.
It's just tea. doctor.
Harmless. home-brewed tea.
We collect the mushrooms
from the woods near our home.
If you just excuse me
one moment.
Contact the lab. I want a rush
analysis on this tea.
And I need you to take
Ms. Cloofe home.
and stay with her.
- Stay there?
- Mm-hmm.
- Really? Why?
- I don't want her left alone.
She's exhibiting similar
symptoms to Agnes before she...
All right.
Wait. Where are you going?
I'm going hunting.
I love this. doc. Gettin'
the team back together again!
On a manhunt. Feels good!
We're hunting mushrooms.
not a man.
The only reason
I asked you to join
is because I don't know
these woods.
Can you shine your flashlight
under that log right there?
Oh. you mushrooms
under that log.
You come out with your stems up.
You should ask Louisa
to come out
and help you with this. doc.
She knows all about mushrooms
and stuff like that.
She knows a lot of stuff
about a lot of stuff.
You know. science
and how to teach kids to read.
what to do in a bee attack.
But we don't need her.
We've got each other. buddy.
We are not gonna to die
unhappy and alone.
Whoa.
Hey. now. Clark.
What are y'all doing up here?
This is private property.
Well. we could be asking you
the same thing.
I manage this property.
I've been taking care of
the Cloofes' place
and these woods for years.
Right. and soon it will
all be yours.
We'll see about that.
Look. we're just hunting
for mushrooms.
Then you got to go down
that way.
back where it's wetter.
Oh! I knew that.
Thank you. Clark.
Thank you.
Come on. doc.
Well. I thought the mushrooms
might be poisonous
or psychedelic. mind altering.
Oh. no. I've-I've cooked
with all of these.
In fact. I. uh.
I put this one in the meatloaf
that I. I made for the day
that we went to see the birds.
- You made meatloaf?
- I did.
I mean. I know I said nothing
fancy. but I just...
Mm-hmm.
I made lemonade. Fresh.
It was in a small bottle
in my pocket.
- You did?
- Mm.
Well. it's a...
a shame that we didn't.
uh. get. to...
- Yes. Unfortunate.
- Yeah.
- Really.
Uh. well. I-I still have
the-the meatloaf.
and if-if you still
have the lemonade...
- Maybe we could. um...
- Get together.
- Properly.
- Sure.
For a real... date.
Hey. doc? You home?
Hey. partner.
Okay. so I'm thinking
we get out of here.
go get some brews.
talk about some buddy stuff.
Hey. Louisa. Hey. Hi.
Yeah. I. uh. I-I called Louisa
about the mushrooms.
- Yes.
- As you suggested.
Cool.
Doc?
Do we have. like. Advil
or Pepto-Bismol or something?
Elaine. what are you doing here?
I-I thought
I told you to stay
with Millicent Cloofe.
Yeah. you gotta ask
somebody else to do that.
'Cause I need a break.
and my stomach is killing.
Your stomach?
Uh. that's just like
Agnes and Millicent.
- Did you drink their tea?
- Yeah.
- Was I not supposed to?
- Okay. but. uh...
Because the mushrooms are fine.
I mean. the tea's
probably okay. right?
Unless someone put something
into the tea.
Did you guys know that the roof
up at the Cloofe Mansion
has been leaking
- horribly for months.
- What?
Ever since that
big storm we had.
The walls upstairs. they're
just completely wrecked.
It's so sad. I had no idea
they were living like that.
This is Dr. Martin Best.
Uh. I had
a rush order yesterday.
An analysis of a liquid.
some tea.
Oh. Dr. Best.
we haven't gotten
to the tea yet. but we've been
trying to reach you
about Millicent Cloofe's
blood sample.
Her blood?
What about her blood?
It showed
very high levels of arsenic.
Arsenic?
If you get in there.
it's like the roof is coming...
- Oh...
- Arsenic.
That would explain
the delusions.
and the stomach pains.
Oh. damn. it's a legit
attempt to murder!
Who would wanna poison
the Cloofe sisters?
It's that Clark Flanagan.
He wants the house.
- I don't know. I...
- It is a manhunt. doc.
Shoot. I should've worn
my other pants.
You guys.
you're being so ridiculous.
Clark Flanagan. he's so sweet.
He's completely harmless.
Actually. he's up at
the Cloofe Mansion right now.
- With Peter Cronk.
- With Peter?
Wh... Why is Peter there?
They're going hunting
in the woods. I think.
- Let's go.
- Yeah.
- I'm gonna get my bag.
- Let's go.
- You don't.
- What do you mean?
- Okay.
- What is...
- Stay here.
- Doc.
Drink as much water as you can.
Yep. yep. Right now.
- Thank you.
- Hey. watch it.
I've folded so many
funeral programs...
I need muscle relaxants.
What's going on?
Sarah. I need you
to stay here with Elaine.
Get her to drink
as much water as possible.
The ambulance is meeting us
at the Cloofe Mansion.
- Come on.
- We may have had people
exposed to a toxic substance.
Someone's tryin' to kill
Millicent Cloofe!
Really?
Clark. we gotta talk to you.
- Get away from that boy.
- He's not feeling well!
Did you give him that tea?
- Did you poison these people?
- Poison them?
You gotta be kidding me.
Those crazy old biddies
are trying to leave
this crumbling dump to me.
You think I want to take on
that tax burden? No way.
Peter.
Peter. are you all right?
- I don't feel well.
- Okay.
I always looked after him
on Tuesday afternoons.
we go looking for bugs and
butterflies. But his stomach...
We need to get Peter
some water immediately.
That old woman in there.
She's not right in the head.
Mark. let's go.
Something bad in that house!
Clark. don't move.
Really?
Okay. I'm gonna sweep
the perimeter.
But not. like. with a broom.
'Cause this place a mess.
you know?
I'm just gonna check
all the rooms.
Yeah. I understand.
What...
What are you doing?
Just put...
Understand what a perimeter
check is.
Oh. oh.
Millicent?
Brrr!
It's the wallpaper.
What's happenin' up there. doc?
It's the wallpaper!
Scheele's copper green.
Made with arsenic
over a 150 years ago.
It's not dangerous
unless disturbed.
Oh. Dr. Best.
you have come to me.
No. Millicent. I came for you.
You're being poisoned
by the air in this room.
and we need to get you out
of this house right now.
No. I'd rather fly.
Like the golden-winged warbler.
To be free. like a bird!
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Not flying today.
Not this time.
Okay. What do you mean
the wallpaper?
The water damage
from the leaking roof
unleashed a toxic cloud
of arsenic.
- Let's put her down right here.
- Okay.
Inhaled arsenic exposure causes
stomach pain.
and then confusion.
They'll be fine
with some IV fluids.
perhaps Chelation therapy.
And Millicent
may require dialysis...
Peter. Peter.
Peter sweetheart.
You're saying the house
did that to these people?
The original wallpaper is toxic.
I mean. it's very old...
Ah! It hurts so bad.
Miss Louisa.
I know. sweetheart.
You're going to be okay. Okay?
- What? What is it?
- That boy.
Far as I know.
he never went in the house.
- He never...
- He wasn't exposed
to no toxic wallpaper.
He's been holding his gut
since I picked him up
this morning.
- Well. then how...
- Hurts so bad.
Okay. okay. sweetheart.
where-where does it hurt?
- My. my shoulder.
- Your left shoulder?
- Where else?
- Now here.
Now there? Okay.
I looked up my symptoms online.
My pee was kind of...
There's nothing wrong.
Do I have obstructed
bowel syndrome?
Your left shoulder?
Well. actually.
now I think it's brown.
- Hurts so bad.
- Okay. okay. sweetheart.
Peter. you said
your urine was brown.
For how long?
Three. four days?
- Since the birds?
- Yeah.
And does it hurt here?
Or just up on your shoulder?
Both I think.
Yep. got it.
Hey. the ambulance is here!
Okay. Mark. I need you
to take Millicent
to the hospital in your car.
Clark. no one inside that house.
- All right.
- Gotcha. partner. Understood.
If it's not arsenic.
then what's going on?
His spleen is
dangerously enlarged.
and these things can come on
very quick.
And he's been trying
to tell me for the last week.
but I didn't take him seriously.
I'm gonna call his mom. okay?
No. I want to go!
Hey there.
What's happening?
Oh. we're in the ambulance.
Peter. Okay?
Martin thinks that
maybe you injured
one of your important organs.
Which one?
Your spleen.
Will I be okay?
If I have anything
to do with it. yes.
He's gonna be okay. Martin.
Tell me he's gonna be okay.
He's gonna be all right.
Martin. right?
- He's gonna be all right.
- His enlarged spleen
likely burst when he fell.
He may have internal bleeding.
You know. I've seen
this kind of thing before.
Kids fall down.
Eventually. they get back up.
It's probably just
a cracked rib.
- Are you a doctor?
- Uh. no.
- I'm an EMT. trainee.
- Okay.
How long until we get
to the hospital?
- Like a half hour.
- Oh. my God.
Lot of traffic today.
But he's gonna be fine. Really.
Oh. his blood pressure's
way off.
W-w-what's happening?
He's bleeding out.
Do you have saline?
Um. yeah. there's
a 0.9 normal saline.
Okay. get a line in him.
Yeah. he needs fluids. Now!
I. uh. I-I can't find the vein.
Because there's nothing in him.
Here.
Here. put his legs up.
Okay.
Okay. Louisa. listen.
I-I need you to squeeze that bag
as hard as you can.
- Okay.
- Okay. When it gets
to the bottom. just twist it
all the way out.
Yeah. you got it.
Blood pressure?
Still falling.
We have to stop the bleeding.
Do you have a blade?
Yeah. but. I-I don't
have anesthetic.
Oh. He's out. He's not gonna
feel anything.
Okay. we're doing this.
Uh...
I need gloves. disinfectant.
and hemostat.
All right.
Prep his upper left quadrant.
- Scalpel?
- What?
- I may vomit.
- Oh. okay.
That's okay. Uh. uh. yeah.
you-you can vomit.
What can you vomit in? You're
gonna vomit in this bag.
- Can you vomit in this bag?
- Uh. this is my dinner. But...
Yeah. yeah. he's gonna vomit
in this bag.
Okay.
Okay. Martin. there you go.
- You got this. Okay?
- Mm-hmm. mm-hmm.
Oh. my God.
Oh...
Here.
- Yeah.
- It's his spleen.
Okay. hemostat?
- Hemostat?
- Hurry!
If I can just...
clamp down...
the splenic artery...
I could buy us a little time.
- Oh!
- Damn it. Damn it! It broke.
- Do you have another?
- No. Uh. I don't...
I don't think so.
I-I don't know.
- I'm just a trainee.
- Oh. my gosh.
All right. just...
All right.
I-I'm just gonna have
to hold it by hand.
Martin. Martin.
Martin. look at me.
Martin. look. Look at me.
Look at me.
Mm-hmm. Mm-mm.
Breathe. Yeah.
Inhale. Exhale.
Look at me. Look at me.
BP's coming back.
- Okay.
All right. that's all we can do.
We just radio ahead.
tell him what we know.
and tell him to have a
functioning hemostat
standing by.
I need you to get him prepped
for surgery right away.
The bleeding's stabilized.
Alert the OR that he's landed.
We'll take it from here.
He's okay.
He's going to be okay.
Let's get him upstairs.
Martin. you...
I should have recognized
Peter's symptoms sooner.
I mean. if he hadn't been crying
wolf for the last few weeks...
Martin. please don't.
Don't blame yourself.
What kind of doctor am I?
I-I can't even deal with blood.
Martin. stop it.
Phobia or no phobia.
you-you just saved
that little boy's life.
Adrenaline is what
got me through.
No. you got you through.
Look. I... I saw it.
I was right there.
You dealt with all that
other craziness.
and-and you actually
figured out what was wrong.
You dealt with that idiot EMT.
You saved Peter's life.
You did that. You!
Hey. Martin. buddy. we got
Millicent over to the hospital.
Not sure if you're here yet.
but if...
Um...
Um. I'm gonna
call you back. buddy.
Oh...
Oh. what an insane night.
You know.
first arsenic poisoning.
and then a splenectomy.
and then...
I'm sort of glad. though.
that it happened this way.
- Feels like fate.
- Mm.
Are you... Do you...
Would you like to...
Are you coming in?
I probably shouldn't.
Oh. okay.
Um. why not?
It's very late.
I mean. early.
Very late from the previous day.
Making it early. you know. now.
And we were both up
all night in the hospital.
I know. but I don't.
Listen. I don't want to
make you...
We were both riding
the adrenaline of the moment.
But I'm happy to pretend
it never happened.
Pretend it never happened?
- Martin...
- Oh. just laugh it off.
It's what we both want.
I'm sure.
Goodnight.
Gone to heaven now.
Never to be forgotten.
A beautiful woman.
A wonderful life.
- Amen.
In closing. Agnes requested
the final words
spoken over her ashes
be those of Sarah Best.
No.
I made the cornbread.
I made the headdresses.
I led the naked midnight walk.
I will not speak.
I am done.
You're making a spectacle
of yourself.
You have no idea
the kind of spectacle
I could make of myself.
Well. this is the end.
And someone has to close
the ceremony out.
I mean. I suppose
I could recite.
Please don't.
Um. I...
I have Agnes' journal with me.
I could read another poem.
- Okay.
- Oh. yes. dear. Please do.
Uh. okay. Ahem.
Okay.
"Sunrise.
Sunset.
Each day is a new opportunity...
to create beauty.
To sing. dance.
to create. live. make poetry.
Make art. make love.
But no light will shine forever.
The sun will go down
on all of us.
And I choose to cherish
these moments...
these faces before you.
So when I do cross over...
into that magnificent
sunlight...
you will hear my happy song."
- Amen.
Oh. my dear. that was wonderful.
Do you know what?
Now I think I know. like.
exactly what I'm supposed
to be doing.
- What is it?
- What are you gonna do?
I'm gonna apply to drama school
in New York.
Oh...
I'm an actress.
- Yes.
- You're actress.
Yes. you are.
Oh...
Oh. look at that.
Isn't it beautiful?
Yes.
Well. somebody's grumpy.
Is it Peter?
Thought you said
he was going to be okay.
He'll be fine. You can live well
without a spleen.
No. he'll be okay.
Ooh.
You know. I've been
feeling a little bad. too.
- About?
- The Cloofes.
Some things I've said.
My whole attitude about them. really.
The dirt I put in the cornbread.
I'm kidding.
But I do think I've been
a little afraid
that maybe I'm turning
into them.
Turning into Agnes Cloofe?
Yes.
A mean old spinster
without family.
without a house even.
if your father kicks me out.
You'll have me.
I'm your family.
You can stay
at my house if necessary.
We'll have each other.
Thank you.
Ooh!
You just remember.
whatever is going on.
everything passes.
Just like the birds overhead.
Look at that.
I hope they don't poop on me.